unions have no active field (#478)
rust-lang-nursery/reference: src/items/unions.md

let u = MyUnion { f1: 1 };
```

The expression above creates a value of type `MyUnion` and initializes the
storage using field `f1`.  The union can be accessed using the same syntax as
struct fields:

```rust,ignore
let f = u.f1;
```

Unions have no notion of an "active field".  Instead, every union access just
interprets the storage at the type of the field used for the access.  The effect

> of reading a union with a different field than it was written to is that of

Reviewer: "field ... it was written to" here looks suspiciously similar to the "active field" that's intended to be removed.

Reviewer: The change compared to the previous semantics, I think, is that the "active field"/"field it was written to" doesn't necessarily exist with the new rules.
(While using the "active field" or some other wording for the field in question is a matter of terminology.)

Author: I tried to improve the wording to make it more clear that there is nothing remembering which field was written to, just re-interpreting storage at different types.  Does that help?

let u = MyUnion { f1: 1 };
```

The expression above creates a value of type `MyUnion` and initializes the

> storage using field `f1`.  The union can be accessed using the same syntax as

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
storage using field `f1`. The union can be accessed using the same syntax as
```

Author: Ah, my emacs and also my brain automatically use double-space between sentences.  I'll see if I can remove them all, but they might appear again as I edit: a double-space after a full stop is pretty deep in my muscle memory at this point. ;)

struct fields:

```rust,ignore
let f = u.f1;
```

Unions have no notion of an "active field".  Instead, every union access just
interprets the storage at the type of the field used for the access.  Reading a
union field is equivalent to a [`transmute`]: The data in the union, no matter
how it was stored there, is transmuted to the type of the field.  Just like with
any other transmute, it is the programmer's responsibility to make sure that the

> data is valid for the field type.  Failing to do so results in undefined

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
data is valid at the field's type. Failing to do so results in undefined
```

let u = MyUnion { f1: 1 };
```

The expression above creates a value of type `MyUnion` and initializes the
storage using field `f1`. The union can be accessed using the same syntax as
struct fields:

```rust,ignore
let f = u.f1;
```

Unions have no notion of an "active field". Instead, every union access just
interprets the storage at the type of the field used for the access. Reading a
union field reads the bits of the union at the field's type. It is the
programmer's responsibility to make sure that the data is valid at that

> type. Failing to do so results in undefined behavior (for example, reading the

Reviewer 3: The parenthetical should just be promoted to its own sentence. It can stay in the same location.
